Hey, check where the design department is having dinner tonight
Gu Qingqing
Is it really you?
Why can't I get along outside?
Ready to defect to me again
Manager Zhu, I'm not back for a part-time job.
I'm here to eat
dine
I remember a week ago
And you asked me to give you a salary advance?
It's coming to dinner in a week
Which big guy do you like?
How much does a bowl cost you?
Keep your mouth clean
Do you think everyone is as dirty as you?
I just found a new job
Yo
In my impression, you are only at high school level
Oops, what valuable job did you find?
I can afford a 7-digit piece of clothing.
My husband bought this for me
Is husband
Still godfather
Why don't you follow me?
I promise I won't treat you badly.
Manager Zhu, if you do this again
I'll sue you for harassment and libel
Bah what noble
Next point
Manager Zhu
There is a cooperation
I don't know if you're interested.